# NuraFin
[NuraFin](https://nurafin.com/) is a startup started in 2020 as a subsidiary of [NAICo](https://nurafarin.com/).

### Table of Contents
- [NuraFin Cryptocurrency Trading Platform](#nurafin-cryptocurrency-trading-platform)
  - [Signal Alert](#signal-alert)
  - [Copy Trading](#copy-trading)
  - [Backtesting](#backtesting)
  - [Signal Tracker](#signal-tracker)
  - [Analytical Decision Sheets](#analytical-decision-sheets)
  - [Trade Management](#trade-management)
  - [Crypto Data Downloader](#crypto-data-downloader)
  - [Trading Teams](#trading-teams)
- [Telegram Scraper Platform](#telegram-scraper-platform)
- [Blockchain Projects](#blockchain-projects)


## NuraFin Cryptocurrency Trading Platform
This platform provides following systems for users:
- Signal Alert
- Copy Trading
- Backtesting
- Signal Tracker
- Analytical Decision Sheets
- Trade Management
- Crypto Data Downloader
- Trading Teams

### Signal Alert
The Signal Alert generates cryptocurrency signals based on technical and fundamental indicators.

### Copy Trading
The Copy Trading is part of the NuraFin Cryptocurrency Trading Platform that let Crypto Trading Masters create and advertise their profile helping the Subscribers choose their preferred Master or Masters to subscribe. The Platform automatically copies trades from Masters to all of their Subscriber.

### Backtesting
The Backtesting analyses similar patterns for generated signals using historical crypto data in order to forecast signal's behaviour.

### Signal Tracker 
The Signal Tracker tracks crypto signals generated in platform by analysts or AI, in order to extract analytical data from the signal results.

### Analytical Decision Sheets
The Analytical Decision Sheets provides an environment for analysts to generate their own signals and rate signals generated by others.

### Trade Management
The Trade Management in NuraFin Crypto Trading Platform provides an environment for traders to place several multi-entry and multi-target orders at the same time.

### Crypto Data Downloader
The Crypto Data Downloader downloads the cryptocurrencies' historical data from different exchanges including Binance and KuCoin, and stores candlesticks and orderbooks for all crypto pairs and all timeframes in a database. The downloaded data is accessible from the platform for download in csv and other formats.

### Trading Teams
Users can create their own trading teams with specific Analysts and Traders. The Platform let users assign different settings to each team member, according to their roles, set weighted indicators for Analysts and trade restrictions for Traders.


## Telegram Scraper Platform
Telegram Scraper is a platform mainly developed for advertising. This project aims to scrap the Telegram users data from Telegram groups (users can search the list of groups by keywords) and store the information in a database in order to add them in different Telegram groups/channels or send private message to selected Telegram users.

- Group Search
- Personalized Messages
- Bulk Group and Channel Member Adds
- Performance Statistics


## Blockchain Projects

